I have a great deal of physical energy
I work for long hours, with great concentration
Even though I work a lot, I have an aura of freshness and enthusiasm
I am often quiet and at rest
As soon as I get some time off, I am calm and at rest
I am smart
I am naive
I am mature and wise
I am childish and sometimes immature
I am very disciplined
I am very playful
I am sometimes responsible
I am sometimes irresponsible
I am very persistent 
I have a lot of fantasy and imagination
I have a rooted sense of reality
I am often extraverted
I am often introverted
I like solitary moments
I like people around me
I like interacting with people
I like to be on my own
I am quite humble and shy
I have self-doubts
I am proud of myself
I am self-critical
I have accomplished a great deal in comparison to others
I never had doubts about succeeding in what I started out to do
I am ambitioned and sometimes aggressive
I am selfless
I like competing
I like collaboration and cooperation
I am quite dominant, more than peers of the same gender
I am less aggressive than peers of the same gender
I am quite sensitive 
I am quite though
I am rebellious
I am independent
I am traditional
I am conservative
I am willing to take risks
I am extremely passionate about my work
I am extremely objective about my work
I am open to new things and people
I sometimes suffer because of my sensitivity
I experience a great deal of enjoyment because of my sensitivity
I love diversity
I love to share similarities with people
I am quite systematic
I am quite chaotic
I like philosophical discussions
I like to get things done without long discussions
I am sometimes melancholic
I am usually a happy person
I am very curious
I am active
I am thirsty for knowledge
I am passive
Sometimes I do not want to know
To work on something I already know is boring for me.
I hate mathematical problems.
If my radio or another apparatus does not work, I first try to fix it myself before I ask an expert to do it.
I like  to book my holiday as a package in a tourist agency.
Sometimes inventions or solutions enter my mind without me needing the thing, and without a specific problem to solve. 
I try to do minor repairs by myself, including if I have not done this before.
Well-tried means more to me, so I do not risk something new instead
I would rather play chess or another game against a more experienced player than against a less experienced one, who can easily be beaten.
When I do handicrafts, I do not like to do it according to instructions.
When I do routine work, I think about what I am actually doing, and if it could be done differently.
When I try to solve a riddle, I give up immediately if I notice that it is too difficult for me.  
I rearrange the furniture every once in a while in my flat.
I like to do things according to a plan so that I do not have to worry about routine details again and again.
Although it is possible to get lost in the forest, I rarely follow the signposts.
I do not have the patience to stay with a problem for a long time.
I can ruminate on a solution to a problem for such a long time that other things are forgotten.
When I have to do something technical, I get the correct instruments first, and get information about how to do the task professionally.
If there was no corkscrew to hand, I would get the cork out of the bottle in another way.
I am always interested to learn a new game that gives me something to think about.
If I am confronted with a task to solve, I try to find out how others solved the problem before me.
I try to solve problems in new ways.
If I was a teacher, I would only teach using established methods, to be sure that I use the material correctly.
I would rather find a solution for a previously unsolved problem than do something according to a formula or an approved method.
To solve problems you do not have to be a professor.
People who think too much only get wrinkles and who wants to look old? 
